TIP: Leather armor protects against fire!
TIP: Chain armor protects against melee damage!
TIP: Plate armor protects against projectiles!
TIP: Diamond armor protects against explosions!
TIP: Armor protection will degrade as the armor is damaged!
TIP: Scaffolding can be replaced with other blocks!
TIP: If you break scaffolding it will all fall in one spot!
TIP: Get to destinations faster with a minecart and rail!
TIP: Powered minecarts can push other carts!
TIP: Storage minecarts can transport a lot of items!
TIP: Diamonds can, rarely, be found very deep underground!
TIP: Stone in the depths is tougher to mine!
TIP: Most monsters come out at night. During the day you're safe... probably.
TIP: Use a hoe to dig up seeds!
TIP: Spiders wont attack during the day, unless you attack them!
TIP: Infinite wonders, endless possibilities!
TIP: Do people actually read these?
TIP: Are they chickens or ducks?
TIP: Animals are attracted to light!
TIP: Monsters are attracted to darkness!
TIP: Deep caves get really dark, dont forget torches!
TIP: Check out the super deluxe skin pack!
TIP: Some animals will follow you if you have crops in your hand!
TIP: Digging straight down is a bad idea!
TIP: Stone doors can be locked when powered!
TIP: Rope coils can be used to descend rapidly!
TIP: You'll drop a bag with your items when you die!
TIP: Eat food to heal. The better the food, the more health you get!
TIP: All metals can be turned into useful tools!
TIP: Heat from light-sources can melt snow and ice!
TIP: A single bucket of lava can smelt 100 items!
TIP: A pair sticks will smelt exactly one item!
TIP: Want more customizaton? Check out the texture packs!
TIP: Diamond tools are very durable!
TIP: Named animals wont disappear!
TIP: Don't go mining unprepared!
TIP: Sponges can suck up lots of water!
TIP: There is lots of lava in the depths!
TIP: You can plant acorns to grow new trees!
TIP: Keep getting lost? Try a map or a compass!
TIP: Maps can be expanded by adding more paper at a workbench!
TIP: Maps can be crafted with paper and a feather!
TIP: Combining a filled map with an empty map will copy it!
TIP: An Atlas can store a lot of maps!
TIP: You can find lots of mushrooms underground!
TIP: Furnish your home with some tables and chairs!
TIP: Creepers were born from a coding bug!
TIP: Placing two chests side by side will make one large chest!
TIP: Lots of plants can be turned into dyes!
TIP: Monsters wont attack you on easy mode!
TIP: Zombies can break down doors on hard mode!
TIP: Put a chicken on your head and you can glide down to safety!
TIP: Build a shelter by nightfall!
TIP: There's no fighting the passage of time!
TIP: Slimes will spawn in deep caves!
TIP: Slimes can be fed certain items to produce more slime!
TIP: Other players can loot your chests! Hide your valuables!
TIP: Be careful, fire spreads really fast!
TIP: If fire burns for long enough without spreading, it never will!
TIP: Players can connect to your world if you give them the link!
TIP: Different ores can be found at different depths!
TIP: The original name for Minecraft was Cave Game!
TIP: There might be an update to this eventually!
TIP: Flint and Steel can light furnaces, but they wont smelt anything!
TIP: Cooked food heals more than raw food!
TIP: Right click snow layers with a shovel for a snowball!
TIP: These tips update every 10 seconds!
TIP: What does DB3K stand for anyways?
TIP: Use a pickaxe on rocky dirt for cobblestone, or a shovel for dirt!
TIP: Use the right tool for the job!
TIP: There may be multiple ways to obtain the same items!
TIP: After leaving water you will continue to be wet for a few seconds!
TIP: Items will start blinking before they disappear, be quick!
TIP: Snow will fall in winter but melts after the season changes!
TIP: Ore chunks can be smelted into bars at a furnace!
TIP: Watch out, Zombies can occasionally carry armor and weapons!
TIP: Arrows shot by Skeletons cannot be retrieved!
TIP: Tie rope to an arrow to place them from afar!
TIP: Copper can be made into machinery, but it'll need to be powered!
TIP: Cloth, wood, glass, and shingles can be dyed any color you like!
TIP: Bombs will damage mobs, but not blocks!
TIP: Pigs can be ridden with saddles and a baited rod!
TIP: Tools can be repaired by combining them together!
TIP: There is no sky dimension!
TIP: Your inventory space is limited, manage your resources wisely!
TIP: Cacti can be found growing on beaches!
TIP: Compasses will point towards your respawn point!
TIP: Clocks will show you what time of day it is!
TIP: Depth gauges will show you how deep you are in the world!
TIP: Calendars will show you what season it is!
TIP: Name tags can be customized from your hotbar!
TIP: Pistons can move up to 24 blocks at once!
TIP: Includes music by C418!
TIP: Some spawners will summon a horde of monsters that drop extra loot!
TIP: Seasons will last 15 days each!
TIP: Right click primed TNT to defuse it!
TIP: If ice is placed under crops, they wont grow!
TIP: ...Are we there yet?